All right!
Way to go, Nee-chan!
Tomo?
Menu
It's half past three already?
Crap, we're running late.
The schedule'll be messed up
if we don't start the next song soon.
What?
Stop making such a racket.
Calm down,
my heart!
Haruki-kun.
One Saturday afternoon, late November,
on the second day of the Houjou Prep School Festival,
the three of us experienced our closest, most enjoyable, and happiest moment.
It was also...
the last moment the three of us could truly be together.
Music Room 1
Music Room 2
"White Album".
Released almost ten years ago,
it shot to popularity and was widely regarded as the winter song for a while.
It was Morikawa Yuki's debut single,
the first CD I ever bought in my life,
and the first song I learned to play on the guitar.
Hey, let go of me!
Wait!
What the hell are we supposed to do
if we lose our vocalist as well?
There's nothing we can do anyway!
The drummer, bassist, and keyboardist are all gone too.
But it's your fault that we got into this mess!
Shut up, you two!
I finally have the opportunity to practice,
so quit disturbing me!
Haruki.
You should say something, too.
Our band isn't gonna last unless we do something.
Isn't that what I've been saying all along?
Fancy hearing the exact same words
coming out of your mouth.
Oh, come on.
Talk to Tomo, not me.
How am I supposed to persuade someone who's not here?
Don't go, Tomo!
Let go of me!
Whoa!
Wasn't it your goal to defeat Ogiso Setsuna and become Miss Houjou Prep?
I'll find some other way to do that, thank you very much.
What about my ambitions?!
If you quit, nobody's going to even so much as look at our band!
If you want attention that badly,
then just go and recruit Ogiso Setsuna herself!
You've got mail
Hayasaka Chikashi
Open
H-Hey, I beg you!
Please come back!
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
Come to the School Festival Prep Room
right now! The Miss Houjou Prep contest
is in trouble! Ogiso Setsuna is here and
What now, Haruki?
It's just the two of us left now.
Listen, Takeya.
Haven't I been telling you from the very beginning to stay away from Yanagihara Tomo?
Look at everything she did last year.
She'll do whatever it takes to be crowned festival queen.
She leads anyone and everyone on
and keeps causing friction
between group and band members.
She's a devilish group destroyer.
The festival committee had to do so much work just to clean up the mess she'd left behind.
The thing is, she's so flashy and conspicuous.
It's hard to give up the impact
her performing on stage with us would have.
She's an awful vocalist, though.
A perfect match for your guitar playing, then.
On that note,
the awful backup guitarist will also be leaving, with no regrets.
Farewell.
What?
Are you gonna leave too?
For today, at least.
I just got asked to deal with something urgent.
Where are you going?
I have to go see the last boss we were supposed to defeat.
Huh?
And who's that?
Ogiso Setsuna.
Bye.
Is he gonna recruit her?
Music Room 1
Music Room 2
I pretended not to care,
Music Room 1
Music Room 2
but this was pretty much the
worst possible scenario I could imagine.
Music Room 1
Music Room 2
We were almost ready, too.
Music Room 1
Music Room 2
I'm Kitahara Haruki, a student of Class 3-E
in Houjou University Prep School.
An autumn of trials had arrived.
School
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hFestival
30 days
to go!
We've been waiting for you, Kitahara!
Where have you been?
We looked all over for you.
You're the only one who can
get us out of this emergency!
School
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hFestival
30 days
to go!
We're counting on you.
You guys always count on me.
How about deciding what to do
by yourselves once in a while?
Haruki!
You're finally here!
You're the only one who can solve this crisis.
Yeah, yeah.
Give that a rest.
You must be Ogiso Setsuna-san, no?
Y-Yes.
I'm Kitahara from Class E, like Hayasaka here.
Nice to meet you.
I know your name.
It's always the rightmost one
whenever the test results get posted.
Final Exam Rankings
Full
Name
Kitahara Haruki
Nakano Kenji
Koyama Kai
Sekine
Maruto
I know about you, too.
You're always the one in the center whenever the Miss Houjou Prep contest is held.
Miss Houjou
Runner-up
But I hear you don't want to take part this year.
Ogiso
Setsuna
I'm sorry.
Ogiso
Setsuna
Unlike the Miss Houjou University pageant,
Ogiso
Setsuna
there are no stage performances or swimsuit competitions in the prep school's contest.
Ogiso
Setsuna
We try to keep it low-key.
Ogiso
Setsuna
Of course. I know that.
But you still don't want to take part?
Is it embarrassing for you?
Well, it's more that I don't really
enjoy standing out to begin with.
Don't you think it's kinda too late for that?
I never really wanted to take part, not even when I was a freshman.
And you still won two years in a row?
Man, you really are way ahea
But my friends nominated me without telling me.
I was just an underclassman at the time, so I didn't have the courage to refuse.
I basically got dragged into the whole thing.
I've always felt bad about it, but in the end
That's enough, Ogiso-san.
Hey!
No matter what you say now,
it doesn't change the fact that you participated last year and the year before, and won.
Well, um...
Saying you regret it isn't fair to your friends who nominated you
because they wanted people to know about you,
your fans who voted for you,
and the people who were happy that you won.
If you don't want to take part,
all you need to do is say you don't want to this year.
I'm afraid we can't undo your past entries, though.
Knock it off!
Sorry about this, Ogiso.
He has a way with words,
but he's also got this bad habit of lecturing anything that moves.
Chikashi!
I-It's okay!
I'm the one who's wrong here.
The committee chairman is right.
What he said never even occurred to me.
Wait, I'm not the chairm
Yeah.
The people who chose me had high hopes for me,
and the people who voted for me were happy that I won.
So you understand, Ogiso?
Yeah.
Sorry I was being so selfish.
What's this?
She's nothing like what the rumors say.
She's actually a really sweet girl.
S-So now that we've reached an agreement,
I take it you'll be participating after all
We'll cancel your entry.
Y-You will?
I don't see why not.
Nobody has to participate unless they want to.
And if you don't want to,
then canceling your entry is the obvious thing to do.
Haruki!
You know what you're here to do, right?
To stop you guys from forcing her
into the contest, obviously.
I hope you haven't forgotten that a
school festival is all about having fun.
Then stop lecturing people for no reason.
Couldn't you have been more direct?
Okay. All of you, get over here.
We're having an emergency meeting.
What do we do now, Kitahara?
We can't have the contest if Ogiso-san's not participating!
Which is why we're going to come up with a Plan B.
Listen up.
"Plan B"?
We don't have the time for this!
It's almost five, you know.
You should do your sleeping at home.
You've got mail
Iizuka Takeya
Open
None
Soz!
I have a date to go to, so I'm leaving.
Lock up Music Room 1 for me, okay?
I don't know why, but Houjou University Prep School has three music rooms.
This is Music Room One, the one we always use.
And in the new building facing this one
is the massive Music Room Three,
reserved for students in the music program.
Oh, he's still here.
As for Music Room Two, it's the room right next door.
It's reserved for the best music student alone
to use as a private practice room.
For us students in the normal program, it's nothing but a symbol of envy,
but if you ask me,
I don't dislike the elite student who's
always practicing his piano there at all.
I mean, just listen to this.
He accompanies my terrible guitar playing without a single complaint.
If I talkno, play to him, he understands.
He must be a nice guy.
Thanks for accompanying me every time.
This was an autumn of trials in which both my band and
the Miss Houjou Prep contest were on the brink of failure,
but these sessions alone gave me the opportunity to enjoy myself for just a moment.
Haruki?
Oh, it's you, Io.
Wow, you're only heading home now? It's pretty late.
Well, it's a long story.
Oh yeah, the school festival's almost here.
So Takeya started yet another dispute,
and you were running around
trying to clean up his mess, right?
Whoa, it's like you actually saw it happen.
What can I say? That's how you guys are every day.
Good grief.
I know Takeya's got issues,
but when are you gonna learn from this?
Well, let's save that for later.
You're with Ogiso in Class A, right?
Yeah, why do you ask?
No reason in particular.
What's this?
South
Suetsugu
You're finally taking interest in Setsuna after so long?
South
Suetsugu
It's not like that.
I just had the chance to talk to her today.
I see.
So spring has finally come for you too, Haruki.
Did you listen to anything I said?
But don't you think you're
setting the bar a little too high?
This is the unconquerable Setsuna
we're talking about here.
Like I said...
Actually, forget it.
Anyway, are you friends with Ogiso?
Well, I guess I am the one
who talks to her the most in class.
That's not saying much. You talk to everybody a lot.
True. It only took us three days to start hanging out.
Though that was partly thanks to Takeya.
Well, regardless of the kind of person you are, Ogiso's...
What about Setsuna?
You're both popular,
but she's kinda like your polar opposite.
Your creepy compliment aside,
what do you mean?
She seems to be really nice to everyone,
but don't you think there's something off about her?
Like what?
Like she's hiding her true self.
Like she's segregating herself from everyone else.
Why would you think that?
Actually, I'm probably just imagining things.
Forget I said anything.
Man, you totally are interested in her.
Hurry up, Kitahara!
Maybe if one of you could give me a hand!
Mr. Chairman!
You can do it, Haruki!
Hang in there!
Mr. Committee Chairman!
Oh, come on!
Um...
Mr. Festival Committee Chairman...
Kitahara-san!
Ogiso?
You're being mean, Mr. Chairman.
I've been calling out to you for a while now.
My bad.
I didn't think you were referring to me.
You see, I'm not the chairman.
Huh? You're not?
So you're the shadow chairman?
That post doesn't exist.
Well, whatever.
Anyway, I've been thinking about what you said
\hregarding the Miss Houjou Prep contest since yesterday...
Hey, Ogiso.
Yes?
I'm kinda busy right now...
Hang on. Do you have some time to kill?
Um...
Too heavy?
Wanna switch places?
No, I'm fine.
But I'm not even part of the committee.
Relax.
Me neither.
Huh?
I'm just helping out right now.
I was in the committee last year.
Oh...
Then why are you doing this?
Like I said, I'm helping out.
Something wrong with that?
Is it really okay if I don't enter the
Miss Houjou Prep contest, though?
I thought we already settled that matter yesterday.
But what if that makes the festival less exciting?
When I realized how hard the committee was working, I felt kind of bad...
like I should be more responsible.
What's so funny?
I was seriously worried about this, you know.
You should've seen me last night.
For someone who says she doesn't
want to be put on a pedestal,
you're awfully condescending.
What?!
How could you say that?
Well, you're making it sound like the festival will fail if you don't participate.
Who do you think you are, a super idol?
Anyway, you don't have to worry about it that much.
Really?
True, it's a shame you aren't taking part,
and now we have to do a lot of extra work,
but we'll make sure the festival's exciting.
It'll be a success.
You're pretty confident.
At the end of the day, I do trust those guys.
It's just that they only start taking things seriously at the eleventh hour.
In fact, I have a more pressing
personal problem right now.
A personal problem?
You see...
Nah.
Sorry. Forget about it.
It's not something I should bother you with.
Okay, this should be good enough.
It was pretty heavy.
Sorry I made you waste your lunch break on this.
Unlike you, I wasn't busy,
so it's okay.
Well then, bye.
Say, Mr. Committee Member.
A helper, you mean.
Mind if I ask another condescending question?
What?
Unlike everyone else, you're treating me
like a normal girl, right?
Not really.
I'm giving you special treatment.
Huh?
But you made me carry this
Exactly.
I wouldn't normally ask a girl to do physical labor.
Th-Then why did you?
Because I knew you weren't the kind of person who'd skip out on this kind of work.
Eh?
Thanks.
See you later.
Stage Performance Time Table (2nd Day)
Group Name
Time
Wind Ensemble
Dance Club
Drama Club
Volunteer Band 1
Volunteer Band 2
Volunteer Band 3
We can't fit them all in if we give them fifteen minutes each to set up.
But ten minutes isn't enough...
Oh, I know!
If we reduce the set-up time between
\htwo band performances to ten minutes each...
Volunteer Band 4
Light Music Association
Closing Ceremony
Volunteer Band 4
Light Music Association
m 6 0 l 0 12 603 218 607 207
Closing Ceremony
Oh.
I guess nobody's coming anymore.
Music Room 1
Music Room 2
It was back in April that Takeya dragged me kicking and screaming to this music room.
Music Room 1
Music Room 2
Since then, I've been coming here twice a week.
I was a backup guitarist, so I pretty much never got to jam with the others.
After everyone left,
I'd simply practice all by myself for about an hour.
Despite all this, I was able to
\hkeep playing until now thanks to...
Oh?
So he's there, after all.
It was all thanks to this neighbor of mine.
Thanks for everything, elite music student guy.
I won't be coming here after today,
but I wish you all the best for the future.
The bassist, drummer, and keyboardist all quit.
To top it all off, the vocalist left, too.
This is the Light Music Association's...
...final performance.
Sugite yuku kisetsu ni
I left something priceless
Oitekita takaramono
In the seasons past
Taisetsu na Piece no kaketa
A puzzle that's missing its
Puzzle da ne
Most important piece
Shiroi yuki ga machi ni
Just like how the falling snow
Yasashiku tsumoru you ni
Gently covers the town
Album no kuuhaku wo
Let's fill up all the pages
Zenbu umete shimaou
Of this white album
I beg of you, music student!
Please keep going!
Furitsumoru sabishisa ni
The loneliness grows like piling snow
Makete shimaisou de
And it feels like I'll soon succumb to it
Tada hitori fuan na hibi wo
Though I spend my days all alone
Sugoshitetemo
Wrought with anxiety
Music Room 2
Daijoubu da yo tte
You're there to pat me on the shoulder
Kata wo tataite
And tell me it'll be all right
Anata wa egao de
With a smile on your face
Genki wo kureru ne
You give me strength
Tatoe hanareteitemo
Even though we're miles apart
Sono kotoba ga aru kara
I can say I'm truly happy
Kokoro kara shiawase to ieru
Because of the words you gave me
Fushigi da ne
It's such a miracle
Awai yuki ga watashi no
The fleeting snowfall
Hisoka na omoi komete
Takes those feelings I've kept hidden
Junpaku no Album no Page
And, with it, dyes the pages
Somete kureru
Of this pure white album
Mr. Committee Member
I mean, helper?
Ogiso?
Wait, so the guitarist...
...was you?